What are you?
What reason have you for charging the prisoner?
Did you lodge in the house with the prisoner?
Do you remember the prisoner coming to your house to lodge?
That is a very improper question.
No, my Lord; unfortunately Mr. Degville, after the Coroner's Inquest, conceiving there was an end of the inquiry, broke it to pieces.
Was the gown shewn you upon the production of that duplicate?
Is the prisoner at the bar any acquaintance of your's?
This lad, the prisoner, lived with you
Is there a blacksmith's shop in your road
Who keeps it
As you were going along did you observe any thing
It struck you that it might be him
Tell what the preparation consisted in
Were any of the bullets or any thing extracted from you
Did you observe any person near the prisoner at the time that this took place
Did any thing pass between you at the time he exclaimed, d - n your eyes
Had you lately before had any intercourse with him, either friendly or contrary
Perhaps your recollecting the Wednesday you can tell us now the day that happened
What was the subject of any thing that passed between him and you; what was that about. Had any thing been done by you with respect to the prisoner or his property, or something that he claimed
How long before was that
You had lopped some trees
Had there been any difference between you and the prisoner about these trees
Can you remember any time saying that you thought he was a mad man
How long ago is that
How long is that ago
Is it about two years ago
About this money that you borrowed and returned; about what time did you borrow it
Was it in the course of this year
Did you see him
Now, concerning the returning the money. Did he give you any reason why he would not take the interest
About how long had you had the money
You can tell whether it was one year or more
You certainly can tell me whether it was a year, or more than a year
What was the\\ amountof the interest
What was the principal
Had Bowler placed himself by the tree
When Mr. Burrows came near the tree, what happened
Did you see Bowler at that time
From whom did you receive that watch
Mr. Downes. Where did you see that other duplicate
What did the man do to the cask in your presence - A. I did not take notice.
Was it possible that she might be brought there by that man?
Did you act in these proceedings under the authority of Sir Frederick Roe, the chief magistate of Bow-street?
Were you the first hat opened the parcel?
When you arrived in this country, did you see Sir Frederick Roe?
When you came to the Strand Coffee-house, did you bring that or any other parcel with you?
You and the officers of the bank would know that they were forgeries?
Did you know any thing about coming to England till the order arrived from the Austrian government, requiring you to go to Vienna?
On the Continent are persons called merchants who are smal dealers?
Have you known notes of the Polish Bank not better executed which were forged, circulated, and brought for payment?
What countryman are you?
Now, having heard that, do you still say yon do not know whether your brother showed the letter to Gray?
When your husband asked the prisoner what he had taken, what answer did he make?
You had never seen him in the interval?
